# Intelligent-Tourist-Guide-

Project Description

Our project is about an advanced intelligent tourist guide developed using Visual Studio with Bootstrap. We have tried to inculcate features like bookings section where you can write the name of the place you want to visit, how many guests are accompanying you, arrival and leaving dates by which you can go through booking options. We have our package section where we show our tour packages from where you can select the package according to your choice. This section also includes actual the price, the discounted price the customer ratings and you can simply book by clicking on the book tile. Coming to our services, we provide affordable prices of the hotel, food and drinks, safety guide, around the world travel, fastest travel, glorifying adventures. Then we have our gallery section where you can see the latest pictures of the tourists visiting different places, you take the motivation from there, the images are provided by tourist itself or by the guide. Then we have our review section where you can go through the reviews and ratings of the tourists. You can contact us for any query by simply filling in the details in the contact us form which is name, email address, contact number, subject of your query, and full description of query in the message section. 
We have also included the about us section from where you can know us more. Then we have our branches section where we have mentioned the places where we want to have our branch likely to be in India, USA, Japan, France. We also have quick links to immediately access the required field which has home, book, packages, services, gallery, review, contact. You can follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn for regular updates.
Our project is wholesome of the requirements of a tourist when planning a journey. It is like almost everything under a single source, only thing which you need is a thrill to travel.

